Maybe, maybe not.
But that I'm not one of the Aggies who bleeds maroon, nor am I an Aggie that is embarrassed when someone pokes fun at us because I know they only poke fun out of jealousy or envy.
And I would not exchange, given a choice, to be 18 years old again.
I would tell you I made the right choice.
Have we left out some important topics?
I did not prepare to come to this, short of when I got in my vehicle to drive over here, thinking two or three thoughts, two or three of the stories that I've told this afternoon.
Have we included all the stories you thought of?
Well, let me tell you one more.
And you can confirm this.
When the POWs were released, that I called James Ray, and he remembered me.
And he was at San Antonio, as I recall, or ended up at San Antonio in the hospital there, or they kept him there for a period of time.
And I invited him to come back
that I had tickets, would he come and go to the first football game of the season with me?
And he agreed.
And he came and we visited one with another.
And when we went to the ball game, and I'm a great football fan, that there we played Wichita State.
And as the kickoff was just moments away, I said, man, I have really waited to see this game.
And he said, so have I. And probably in my mind, that tells the story of what an Aggie is all about.
What a splendid example.
Well, if you think of other topics, we can do it again.
I've got three other things to mention.
One is if you ever have any Aggie memorabilia, papers, tickets, programs that you saved or anything that you are going to dispose of, I beg you please send them to the A&M Archives.
Okay.
Done.
Then the next to last one is, what if someone comes up to you today and said, here is a check for a million dollars and there's only one condition, you must give it to Texas A&M, but you get to tell them what they should do with it.
If you had a million dollars you could give to A&M, what would you ask them to do with it?
What good do you wish you could do for A&M today if you had the money?
I think in this life that A&M has values and tradition that I will carry to the grave.
But I would ask that it would be, they would use that million dollars to endow or to establish someplace where people with a Christian faith could be studied so that we could take these values with us to heaven.
Last question.
What feelings do you have in your heart for Texas A&M now?
Again, let me end with a story.
If I had a little brother and you were picking on him, I would come and kick your butt.
And I'm going to whip up on him every chance that I get, but he's still my little brother.
And while
A&M has grown beyond anything.
It is a stranger to me in terms of I'm intimidated by trying to find a parking place here.
I could not at any time in my life do well enough on the SAT that I could get into A&M today.
While I'm immensely proud of it at times and infuriated at it at other times, that I made the right decision by being an Aggie.